what's up guys this is Erica I'm here to
do a video about why play 7 Street um
and if you haven't had someone but Don
Aberdeen is house basically as I can
remember they rub this ps3 and TV and I
think 50 bucks so yeah um I feel
necessary said if you see right here
that's that's the worst looking white
boy I've ever seen kya youtube careers
you can fool it and he does not look
good I think that we we the people show
of support but there's other people
that's just hate in there like I don't I
don't know that why would anyone dislike
this this don't make no sense because if
you imagine you got rubbed you wouldn't
make a video and for a night just put
your soul out there and cry for the
people that describe your feeling would
you know but maybe is kind of you know
his PSP he's kind of over that he
touched his mom to his dad's ashes a
thing and why would he do that I just
don't make myself she broke just take
the software don't mess around the guys
it tears
so when after mrs. I said while the
whole YouTube community um I think that
if you don't know these go to college
channel guess the best thing you could
do by not supporting me um yeah this is
same in the best policy over
hurry up same for him and his palace is
very hard to the kind like this because
we won't get seeds videos but
understandable need look he's looking to
me about because he's just you don't
feel well in this house anymore as he
said so yeah guys like the wrong be well
this video video characters please go
shoeless poor to white boy symmetry and
that's it girls this is eric from here's
the painting right for